the Western no other form of motion
picture can match its power its
adventure its drama now
20th Century Fox presents a film that
rides with the great westerns take a
hard ride when you've got to take
$86,000 across 900 miles of danger
there's only one way to go take a hard
ride
please two men swore they would do it we
ride together object your tale you watch
man half the West swore they wouldn't
show on the waist take a hard ride
starring Jim Brown has Pike the loner to
some men death is a way of life
Lee Van Cleef as Kiefer the bounty
hunter are you going after Pike - I may
just be the one that's gonna kill him as
sly as a rattlesnake and twice as deadly
Fred Williamson has Tyree the gambler
I certainly would call his fan Han he
could deal from the bottom of the deck
or the barrel of a 45 Catherine's puck
as the woman she crossed an ocean to
find freedom all she found was trouble
Jim Kelly as the half-breed he never
said much he never had to bury Sullivan
as the marshal I had a lot myself I've
already read it doesn't let have said
the same thing with justice on his side
and murdered on his mind Dana Andrews as
Morgan the money was his the risk was
theirs when you've got eighty six
thousand dollars in a land where life
isn't worth a nickel
you've got no friends
an army of enemies and only one thing to
do
take a hard ride